for a mid-range price point filtering
water cooler the Asus Onix ultra is a
good value that reliably serves a pot as
well as cold filtered water it has a
stylish contemporary ABS plastic front
panel that looks more like brushed
aluminum than plastic and a sturdy top
with metal side panels that are durable
and will last for years to come which is
critical when it comes to kids using it
I like this system for child safety
precautions as well I don't have to
worry about our four-year-old getting
burned by the hot water there's a
convenient child safety lock on the hot
water although I wish they'd added an
alarm to alert me to when one of my kids
plays with the hot water when the lock
is dead there's also an LED spot light
that illuminates the dispensing area so
at night when the house is completely
dark I can still see to get a cup of
cold water before I go to bed without
tripping over the cat or one of the kids
toys installing the Oasis onyx ultra
counter top water cooler is easy as well
it took me only 30 to 35 minutes well
it's a tad bit more involved than some
of the other types of systems available
because you have to drill a hole in your
counter there are just two connections
to hook up before you start enjoying
filtered water the system is about 12
inches wide by 18 inches tall and it
sits cleanly on my countertop the water
tastes great too the water goes through
two filters the first is a carbon and
lead filter that effectively removes
chlorine taste and order problems lead
and a host of other contaminants in your
water the second is a ceramic filter
that removes bacteria
I like these filters because they are
green meaning there's no plastic to
dispose of ever even with filter changes
because they do not encase the filters
in plastic that must be disposed of with
every filter change as well changing the
filters is easy by twisting a quarter
turn that's it
and the flow rate of the water through
the faucet runs at a rate that does not
make me wait to fill up a sports bottle
or prepare
of tea with great tasting clean water
the negative with the system is the
design and placement of the filters
Oasis has been making water coolers for
over a hundred years they know water
cooler technology however it seems to me
like adding the green filters a
relatively recent innovation to the back
of a well-established system was kind of
an afterthought it is like they cobbled
together the filters and crudely screwed
them into the back of the water cooler
adding a flimsy cover to try to bring it
all together the cover is not easy to
try to get to stick on the back of the
system and it's just not well thought
through bottom line the cover is just
not aesthetically pleasing
what's worse though is that the
decorative cover blocks my ability to
plug in the water line for the filter
and it gets in the way when the fill-up
filter changes I choose not to use it
it's not well thought through this
system gets a B grade on the e filter
water review in a mid-range price point
water cooler if you have any more
questions please call us at one eight
hundred seven seventy nine thirteen
forty one of our water filter experts
will be happy to assist you
well it's a tad bit more involved than
some of the other types of systems
available because you have to drill a
hole in your counter and there's two
connections to hook up before you
install